just a few days ago we entered probably
the most important time of year for
anyone running an e-commerce business Q4
is now officially here and I hope you
guys are geared up for what's in store
for the next few months with that being
said it's now October and Halloween is
just around the corner but if you guys
follow my stuff you know that I like to
push for longevity and the reality is
it's very unlikely to see long-term
consistency if you're simply just
creating a Halloween store since it's
seasonal based so I got a fire list of
the top five products you guys need to
be selling in October that not all
necessarily have anything to do with
Halloween I'll be sharing the exact
AliExpress link competitor website
target audience and video ad for each
selected product but let's waste no time
and get immediately into this video
all right so the first product is in
fact something that can be seen as a
Halloween product but at the same time
it has the versatility to be a product
that is sold year round if you brand it
properly and Captivate the group it lies
it if we check out the October cheat
sheet with the top five products we go
on to the very first product which is a
skeleton type of bracelet and this is a
really cool product because this is the
type of product that when people see for
the first time it's like wow I've never
seen this at a retail store I've never
seen this at a Target or Walmart and
it's really cool to bring to a party to
impress people and if we check out the
ad watch from the beginning it showcases
this product pretty much perfectly it's
an unboxing video
[Music]
so it's just a bracelet put notches over
your finger
and in my opinion this is the perfect
type of ad that you want to be
showcasing a product it's just got a
little bit of background noise it's only
20 seconds all right so we go on to the
product cost the unit is four dollars
and 30 cents and then the shipping is
going to be zero dollars now I
personally would sell this product for
21.99 I think if you go
29.99 plus 25.99 plus it might be a
little bit too much we charge 199 for
shipping because there's a little bit of
weight so we profit 17.61 on the unit
itself and it's for shipping profit 199
because they charge zero shipping at an
overall net profit of 19.61 so for this
Tick Tock page if we went on to the tick
tock page and I think if we look at
their their link tree
they are affiliate marketers so as you
can see they got tons of these products
that they have here on to the videos
that they have and they have them
numbered so one all the way down I think
the skeleton unit is 198 yeah one at
night 198 and it directs you straight to
the AliExpress link so they probably get
a commission from AliExpress or Alibaba
but if you have your own website your
own Shopify store you can mark up this
unit for like I said 21.99 you can
charge 19.99 for shipping you'd
basically be the middleman and from
there you could work on building out the
customer line and then building out your
brand expanding onto different products
the reason why this product can do well
is because yeah it's a Halloween based
product it will do well on Halloween but
at the same time you can sell all
different types of bracelets
it doesn't have to be skeleton it could
be anything and see here they even have
different types of these little bracelet
rings
just about picking out your very
specific Niche and then going with it
you go the complete goth route with this
one you can go the gem route I don't
know what that is but whichever route
you want to go make sure that you stay
true to that route and make sure to
build out a very very passionate group
of people build your community Through
Instagram your Facebook page your Tick
Tock get people involved and when you
have a passionate audience you're able
to get people more involved with your
community and more willing to buy from
you so that is pretty much everything I
wanted to go over for the first product
on this Google doc I have the unit cost
the shipping costs what I would charge
and then the profit then that profit The
Tick Tock video the competitor website
and then the AliExpress link so the
target Niche that I would go if I were
to sell this unit right here the
skeleton unit was I would choose
Halloween I would choose goth you can go
skull you can Target skeleton you can
Target gadgets Halloween based movies
but that's what I would Target if I were
to run Facebook ads and that's the group
that I would try and seek out that's
everything for the first product now
let's go on to products number two all
right before we hop into product number
two I want to announce that if we hit
500 likes on this video I'm going to be
giving you guys this entire cheat sheet
that we're going over that's gonna have
the AliExpress link competitor website
Target audiences and The Tick Tock video
ad that I found it from so all we gotta
do is get 500 likes and I'm gonna give
you guys access to this Google doc but
let's go into product number two now I
can't even lie I was so psyched up about
this product when I did see it which was
only a couple days ago so let's go ahead
and look at this product which is a
samurai umbrella I thought this was so
cool because one it does fall into the
whole Halloween Niche base or a product
base but at the same time this is
something that you can completely Branch
out into your own brand around ninja or
Samurai
uh anime so let's go ahead and check out
first the the tick tock video that I did
see Tic Tac made me buy it
just literally a video film in the room
it's a five second video and all he's
really doing
is dressed all black he's not even
dressed like a full ninja pulls it out
look 18 000 likes 165 comments
85 shares and then he's got a whole
entire page 9k followers and he's just
posting the same types of videos Trend
type of videos showcasing the product
very very simple type of ugc remember
user generated content relating to the
audience if we go here let's check out
it's proven to have sold
1126 orders 4.8 Stars 254 reviews
we see that the unit cost is
17.72 cents the shipping is going to be
five dollars and fifty cents 57 cents so
what I would sell this unit at I would
go 49.99 because clearly if we look at
that video right look at this video we
can see that from here the quality just
looks way better than your average
umbrella and umbrellas I just had to buy
an umbrella I'm here in Budapest and
it's been raining every single day I
bought a 20
umbrella and the quality is horrible
just look at this it's a samurai sword
plus an umbrella and you can even go and
figure out how good the quality is by
ordering it yourself and playing around
with it but I would say a good price to
sell this product at is around
49.99 because it will also have a very
high perceived value for umbrella
shipping would be 4.99 so that we would
profit per unit
32.27 would lose 58 cents 58 cents on
the shipping
we would fall in a net profit of 31.69
for each unit that you do sell
thing to take note of this company or
this brand or this kid who's Drop
Shipping he doesn't have his website
active I don't know for what reason
maybe he got too many orders right that
he couldn't fulfill but that's great for
anyone like me or like you that wants to
go ahead and sell this product because
this guy isn't even selling but he has
all the views like how many views he
gets 10K AK 500k 11k14k 46k right so he
knows how to drive traffic but maybe he
doesn't know how to optimize
historically he doesn't have his store
available right so here was the
AliExpress link
right here and as you can see there are
other types of variances a red one
there's a white one there's tons of
Versatility here and so much potential
to go ahead and expand the brand with
more products and at the same time it's
an extremely extremely passionate group
of people anime ninja samurai Japanese
it's a very passionate group of people
so let's go ahead and check out the
target needs to people that I would
Target would be samurai anime ninja you
could even go Halloween Bruce Lee route
Jackie Chan route whichever route you
want to go I think this has got a very
passionate group of people and remember
passionate audiences tend to equate to
Longevity if you're able to Captivate
that audience in a very positive way so
that's for number two let's hop into
product number three all right so prog
number three is pretty awesome I saw it
funny enough only a couple hours ago and
I thought that I had to add it onto the
list but basically what it is is it's a
portable perfume bottle I guess you can
take other perfumes from different
bottles and store it inside any of these
little tubes so let's go ahead and check
out The Tick Tock video that I saw it on
I am never buying from a small Tick Tock
business again apparently I can take
anybody's cologne or perfume like look
at this stupid thing I doubt it even
works POV went into my brother's room
because I know he has Dior Savage popped
his lid off
oh my gosh this actually works wait what
the heck all right so great ad this is
exactly what you would want to do you'd
have a POV based video connect with your
audience and show that it's very
realistic it's really easy you just put
that funnel onto the perfume you spray
it and then it absorbs and collects all
the perfume and then you can use on the
other end and spray it so that's pretty
cool product like it's got
33.8 K likes 308 comments for 100 shares
so this is The Tick Tock account that is
running it they got 5 000 followers 4
600 followers they're directing people
to a link which is their website where
they're selling it for two dollars and
they're probably doing uh very cheap two
dollars plus shipping but if we go ahead
and check out the actual cost of this
product on the AliExpress link as you
can see it is
one cent but they do charge 2.64 for
shipping 364 cents for shipping so per
unit I would go and charge anywhere from
9.99 to 12.99 and for the shipping I
would charge 199. so you would profit on
the unit at 12.98 and then you would
lose a little bit on the shipping 65
cents but at overall net profit 33 cents
per unit now remember that this is a
lower ticket item so you're generally
going to get more sales you can take
advantage of bundling so if you were to
bundle I would highly suggest with a
product like this to bundle from here
they do I believe sell it in bundles
from the video the guy had it in a
bundle right he had like a five pack is
that four buying from a small oh let's
see yes there's one two three four in
there so it's a great opportunity to
bundle increase the average order value
if you were to go ahead and bundle these
you could do
per two units you could do 10 off or
five percent off at four units you could
do 20 off and then maybe six units so
you could do 30 off but really really
cool product and it is universal so for
men and women now for the Target Niche I
would Target clone I would Target
perfume it's for Facebook ads men women
accessories purses maybe Johnny Depp
because of your savage or you could
Target any celebrity that has their own
clone line maybe Ronaldo but anyway that
is it for product number three let's go
on to product number four all right so
product number four is a very
interesting product as well I did see it
on Tick Tock it's like a little furry
toy that people can go ahead and place
little treats inside of these carrots
are under the carrots and the dog pulls
out the carrots and sniffs and finds the
food so it keeps your dog occupied this
is the ad that I did see from The Tick
Tock business ever again you're telling
me if I take these carrots out and put
dog treats or pet food in them it'll
keep my dog distracted
oh all right then
this is a great ad simply showcasing the
products same as the others like I mean
likes 53
000 likes 157 comments and 1 500 shares
now this is a very good product because
nearly everyone has every household has
a pet and pets tend to tear up a house
and if they're bored and they have
nothing to do they tear up a house and
this will keep your pet occupied uh it's
it's great for their brain and it
doesn't harm them you're just putting in
treats and then they're finding the
Treats they're messing around they're
having a good time
so this was The Tick Tock account that I
founded from 700 followers they're
posting consistent ugc with that 66k
views 1.4 million views from this one so
they're posting a decent amount of
content and they are directing people to
this landing page right here and of
course the landing page is their website
right and the website itself is getting
people to go ahead and buy the product
that they were showcasing at 39.99 they
got a decent website looks like they're
using a premium theme this might be
debutify actually but anyway let's go on
to the cause of the product the cost of
the product is a bit more expensive
given it's a furry little compartment
toy so I would go ahead and try and
negotiate with the manufacturer by going
down pressing that contact button seeing
if you can get some volume if you can
sell a decent amount then you can start
to negotiate off the bat if you aren't
selling you're probably gonna have to
buy the listing itself but the unit's
price is 15.92
they're charging zero dollars for the
shipping so it kind of makes out for it
I would charge anywhere from 29 to 34.99
for the unit cost and the shipping are
charged 4.99 for shipping so you'd
profit 19.7 cents on the units cost and
then or the unit price and then you
would profit 4.99 on the shipping at an
overall net profit per unit
24.6 cents now for the Target niche
remember pets it has an extremely
passionate group of people right these
are the people that go crazy over pets
some people like their pets even more
than siblings or their family members so
a very passionate group people you can
build out a very strong Community I
would Target dog toys I would Target
pets I would Target dog collars dog
accessories dog part pet owners so
there's a lot of potential here with
this product there's tons of other
plushie toys or little games as you can
see right here even for cats you can
expand out not only just dogs cats
um and then really just work on building
out your audience and then building that
strong strong passionate brand with
these pet lovers so that's it for
product number four let's go on to the
last but not least product product
number five all right so product number
five is a very cool and interesting
product that I saw on a tick tock video
another Tick Tock video with some
showcasing the product I think they
hired out an influencer to make a quick
little video so let's go ahead and check
it out
[Music]
it's pretty cool
whoa This is Gonna Change it's pretty
cool oh yeah I got it from
anythingspeaker.com little subtle plug
so that's a pretty cool ad that she made
and clearly the product works right all
you got to do is place the speaker onto
any platform and it will make a lot of
noise so that's pretty cool let's look
at some of the comments this turns
basically anything into a speaker one of
the smallest most portable Bluetooth
vibration speakers and it's our fourth
of July sale so I'm sure they got a lot
of people to click their Link in BIO
they got one million like 6.5 million
views on this video 3
000 comments
let's see what else sounds broke I need
this there's a lot of people that
definitely want this product and for
this ad because it's got 6.5 million
views one organically remember one
million likes what I would do with this
ad is I would repurpose it if I was just
around anything speaker I would
repurpose this and I would use that as
my winning ad created for when I'm
running Facebook and Instagram ads so
use tick tock you use Instagram reels to
organically test your ads to see whether
or not they're winning creators and then
that's what you go ahead and repurpose
onto other platforms for paid ads so
let's go ahead and check out the website
that they have this is their website
very basic looking website but at the
same time it's clean it's got reviews
let's see okay and it's even got a video
that's really cool so it's got the video
right here they're selling it for 29.99
so they got trust badges they got
scarcity timers I think you guys can go
and improve upon this website but let's
go ahead and check out the unit cost the
unit cost is 19.47 we can see that
there's proof it has been proven to sell
134 reviews for stars
2549 orders on this listing alone so
like I said unit cost is
19.47 the shipping was Zero now per unit
I would sell this product for 44.99
given it is an electronic product I
would say that wanted to have a higher
perceived value so I would say 44.99 for
speakers a good price point you could
maybe go you could test out 49.99 and
from there I would continue to split
test pricing remember that's very
important you could use the app but I
went over in another video to split test
pricing and check out the shipping you
charge shipping I'd say 299 it's not a
very heavy product but you would profit
obviously 2.99 on the ship shipping
profit per unit would be 25.50 two cents
that would leave you at an overall net
profit of
28.50 one cents now the target Niche I
would go ahead and push would be speaker
music
gadgets Bluetooth speakers you could do
artists maybe Doja cat but yeah with
Facebook ads you can go ahead and Target
various artists I think that this is a
really really interesting product and
this girl knows how to showcase the
product very well it looks like they got
tons of UDC it seems like this girl is
actually
she might be the influencer or they
might have hired her out to make all
this ugc look at the amount of you 600k
views one of the 35 000 views six
million views 40K views she might be the
one that's running it this might be her
own little side hustle her e-commerce
Drop Shipping Store but that's it for
product number five so I thought I'd
just make a very very quick top five
products for the month of October for
you guys remember that like I always say
I believe in longevity I believe in
long-term consistency and sometimes it's
hard to attain that if you go ahead and
just sell these viral little products
that don't have much of a life right if
we go ahead and push Christmas probably
push these seasonal based products
Halloween products well are you going to
be able to sell a Halloween product
during Christmas are you gonna be able
to sell a Halloween product during New
Year's right so you have to think about
these things you have to think where can
I work on building a long term brand
what products can I select which
audiences should I push for but that's
something to always think in the back of
your mind for when you want to build a
long-term brand and make money on a
consistent basis at the same time
provide value so that's pretty much what
I wanted to cover there I will say if
you guys did enjoy this video remember
to hit that like button if we hit 500
likes for this video I'm going to give
you guys these exact cheat sheet but if
you guys enjoyed the video you got some
value from it please do subscribe I'll
be doing videos weekly I've been really
pushing out the content going to
continue to do so appreciate your guys
time as always I'll see you guys in the
next video peace
[Music]
[Applause]